
**When you view Container or Sensor details in the UI**, you'll see Kubernetes Metadata. Kubernetes Metadata includes the following: - Kubernetes Attributes: This includes attributes like cluster type and version, pod name, pod namespace, pod UUID, etc. Learn more about Kubernetes Cluster Attributes.

what is metadata? A good way to answer this question is by explaining that metadata is a shorthand representation of the data to which it refers. To use an analogy, you can think of metadata as references to data. Think about the last time you searched Google. That search started with the metadata you had in your mind about something you wanted to find. You may have begun with a word, phrase, meme, place name, slang or something else. You were using metadata without even knowing it!

Another way of explaining metadata simply is as **data that provides information about other data**. Metadata summarizes basic information about data, making finding and working with particular instances of data easier. It doesn’t tell you what the content is, but instead describes the type of thing that it is. Essentially it **helps explain its provenance** – its origin, nature and lineage. That means if someone has never seen a particular dataset before they can immediately understand what it covers and how it has been created or collected by reviewing the metadata. A good analogy is a book – the data is the content of the book itself, while the metadata is the title, format, publication date, author and the book’s subject.

Why is metadata important? We live in a data-centric world, powered by information. Today organizations are creating and collecting increasing volumes of data, from a wide range of systems, software and sensors. All of this data is in different formats, making it difficult to understand factors such as what individual datasets cover, the measurement units they use, how regularly they are updated or who owns them. This all makes it difficult to compare or use datasets with confidence.

Metadata solves this challenge around understanding. That’s why it is as important as the data itself. Without it, understanding a particular dataset can be a matter of guesswork, particularly if you were not directly involved in creating it in the first place. That’s why metadata is especially important within centralized data portals. By describing [data assets](https://www.opendatasoft.com/en/glossary/data-asset/) they ensure that they can be discovered easily and understood by any user in terms of what they cover, giving people confidence to access and reuse them in their working lives. Good metadata reduces the time and effort around unnecessary downloads, as users can easily find the data they want, first time.

Metadata is therefore essential to running a successful data portal and building a data-centric organization.