
➤ StackDriver Acquired by Google in 2014. 

➤ StackDriver is use full to Monitor, troubleshoot, and improve application performance on your Google Cloud environment. 
i.e What is the response time of my app? How long the request is taking to process and how long my application is taking to respond to a particular inquiry

➤ StackDriver is compatible to GCP and AWS via GCP. StackDriver isn't compatible with the GCP, but is also compatible with the gateways as well. To setup your stackdriver with the AWS, you need to connect a GCP project with the StackDriver. In that particular project you need to setup the connector and the AWS connector will connect your AWS project or AWS instances which are running in your AWS account. This account will talk with your stack driver with the help of the stack driver agent using that particular connector in your GCP project.


➤ StackDriver is used to Monitoring & Logging Purpose in GCP

➤ Key Features - 

➤ Collect metrics, logs, and traces across Google Cloud Platform and your applications. Possesses rich monitoring features. You can have 100s of metrics. You can configure these metrics on your dashboard, you can create your own customized dashboard. These metrics are basically being generated by the logs which the driver is creating. So by this particular way, you can create metrics of each server running in your production machine. You can identify what is the graph of my server? Utilization of my server? What is the failover request? Failover status of my server? What's the health-check of my servers? You can create multiple metrics and you will have the multiple trace across your application running in the GCP or AWS. If somehow, some apps are going down, you can identify that particular app with the help of the metrics and the help of the alert system.

➤ Use built-in dashboards and views to monitor the platform and applications. 

➤ Set up appropriate performance and availability indicators. 

➤ Setup alerts and notification rules with your existing systems.

➤ Real-time log management and analysis.

> Monitoring and logging is very, very important in the the DevOps career and this is very important.